Oh yeah you are so lawless
You actually gave Mr. Li to Miss Li
Cowardly let someone steal it
You dare to touch the things that you leave home
Say you are stupid, you are really brainless
Is it possible that this is what my eldest brother gave me?
Your big brother
It's the old man who can't get a wife
Is it Ouyang?
Do you know how much this heart of the ocean costs?
Your big brother is doing his life's work
Can't even afford a broken diamond on it
Most of what my sister brought are counterfeits.
I'd rather see this heart of the ocean
Is it true?
Hey what are you doing
Let me go up, let me go, do you hear me?
This is the real Heart of the Coast.
Ok Ouyan
You don't admit to stealing anything.
Do you still think you can blur?
Yes!
Think we're all out of our minds?
Speechless, wouldn't you do it this way?
Want to provoke ideals
Let us have no more opportunities and ideals
I didn't expect it.
You are so vicious at your young age
Okay, so that's your idea
Haven't you hurt our Bai family enough?
Sister, your parents have raised you for so many years
How can you avenge your kindness?
He didn't even let go of his adoptive parents
That's so heartless, dad
What if your family takes it out on us?
Good, why don't we take him in now?
Leave it to Mrs. Li to leave home
Look, we caught the thief
By the way, for the sake of water and electricity
Maybe not planned
If the family comes, it will be too late.